Hi everyone. My name is Anne-Marie Band
and today is Tuesday, March the 31st.
And this is the Money Ball Morning
Report.
Charts by TrendSpider and Gamma Flows by
Menthor Q.
We're taking a look at the ES. As you
recall, or I hope you recall, you've
been watching the videos, you know I
said we're going to have very choppy
formations down here. That's exactly
what we had yesterday. We moved off of
the low of pre-market
into almost the high of pre-market and
then gave it all back.
That's likely what we are to see today.
Now, how do you know that there's the
potential that we're going to give it
all back? All right, so let's let's talk
about that. First things first, what's
trend?
200 is down.
50 is down.
The web is up. So, we are in a bounce
zone trying to resolve over the pivot.
What happens? We get up over the pivot
and in the 9:30 candlestick we fail.
So, until that happened, it looked like
we could have some trend.
The moment that 9:30 candlestick stops
disagreeing, we have to start walking
backwards and saying, "All right,
how are we in relation to Europe's
open?"
All right, well, we lost the low of
Europe's open.
And we had a failure to reach the high
of the pre-market. That suggests we're
going to step into the next closest
candlestick. For us, it was the 3:30
close. Look,
we bounced right off of it.
Here's that 3:30 close.
Right? We bounced off of it at the 9:30
candle, came up, could not resolve above
the pivot.
Which left, of course, the low of that
candle. And then
the Globex candle and we retraced all of
that. So, remember, trend is ultimately
your friend and what we want to see
are moving averages that support price
and we rise above the pivot. Lo and
behold, that's what we've got today.
We're above the 50, below the 200, so
we're still looking for resistance, but
above
things that tell us we've got bullish
action. Now, whatever happened in the
overnight here, that's pretty big move.
The Globex event was
broken on both sides and now here we are
up
at
4:00 a.m.
trying to battle the high of the 4:00
a.m. candle.
That's also the first resistance zone
with the pivots. So, let's orient. Where
are we? Above the pivot,
in between the 200 and the 50, momentum
is positive,
but downward.
And so, dips into the pivot are buys.
What's the storyboard we want to watch?
Well, we're going to take the playbook
right from here.
If we break and and get a pre-market
high
that the 9:30 candlestick cannot hold,
we've got ourselves another downward
flow. However,
if the 9:30 candlestick does hold, it
comes in, tests the pivot, and then
closes above that 4:00 a.m. candlestick
formation, we've got ourselves a trend.
And that trend could be quite sharp if
all of these buyers that everybody is
saying they're going to buy, both
Goldman and JP Morgan put out something
that said, "Hey, listen,
systematic buying is going to start in
the next couple of weeks." Seasonality
also agrees with that. So, we should we
should see a little bit of a bounce
pattern. You might go, "How can
seasonality work when we've got all this
war stuff?" I don't know, but it does.
Okay? So, let's go through the levels.
We know what value area high low is.
I spoke about that.
Pre-market low, 6360.
Pre-market high, currently 6458
or so, 6460.
It looks like we're going to go up into
the gamma line at
you know, we could easily test 6500,
which is where that 200 is sitting.
6500, 6530, those are my top levels I
would suspect we would head after. And
if we lose this 4:00 a.m., we're going
to walk right back down. This is the
zero DTE put wall at 6400.
The
the big put wall is at 6300
and we've got demand that sits at 6360.
So, could be a mess, but they are
building structure that tells us we've
got a shot at further upside. Let's take
a look at the NQ.
Same storyboard. Let's do our
orientation.
Are we above the pivot? Yes.
Are we above the moving averages? Well,
kind of.
We're above the V web and we're walking
through a flat 50. So, not as much
structure,
but
take a look. You see this blue line
right here? This blue dotted line? This
flips us from negative gamma below to
positive gamma above. And so, these
gamma lines are likely to be magnets
upward
into
our other gamma walls.
Value area low, 23,117.
Value area high, 25,560.
What's it say?
You know, dips are buys. Could the dips
be very big and bring us down into the
put wall at 23,000? Yes, they could.
Could they also hold the pivot? Yes,
they could. So, the go no go line is
going to be just underneath that pivot
where we see price action resolving. And
the pivot line in the ES is going to
also be the go no go. For the NQ, that
pivot line is 23,000
or so, 23,230
somewhere. Let's go back and get that ES
pivot.
The pivot is 6405
for the ES.
Let's uh let's continue and finish up
our targets. For the NQ, upward flow,
probably that 200, 23,783.
You might say, "Holy cow, lady, that's
300 points." Yes, but not unreasonable
for the NQ.
We want to watch that resistance zone
first up at around 23,600.
That's what we want to stare down. Okay?
But, we are building structure that says
if we can close over this 4:00 a.m.
candle and our 9:30 candle begins above,
we'll be in good shape. Okay?
Let's go to micro Bitcoin.
This is where we look for liquidity
flows.
Quite as beautiful. However, yesterday
Bitcoin did not break the low.
Would it be today that they come back
and test that low? The put wall sits
below at 65,000.
Value area is very tightly compacted
around 65,770
and 67,620.
Let's orient.
Are we above the pivot? No, but we are
testing it.
What's momentum? It's down. Doesn't look
pretty good.
What is the slope of our moving
averages? Where are they in relation to
price? Well, they're above price and
that means they're going to form
resistance. So, this Bitcoin
traction tells us we've got downward
flow
unless and until we break above
I'd say 69,000.
Anything into that range probably going
to give us a good sell zone. Okay?
Put wall.
65,000, call wall 64,500.
Look at how negative the gamma is. This
is the gamma wall that flips us from
positive gamma to negative gamma. We are
in negative drift. So, increase
volatility
and
a little bit more suction to the
downside highly likely. Though,
a bounce, if we get a deep candle
formation and a bounce, that looks
pretty good. All right, let's go to oil.
Oil is holding steady upward and it
should, even if
the rhetoric from across the pond
uh dies down, oil is going to stay up.
We we have massive global disruption and
repricing of oil in all kinds of
different currencies. We used to just
have the petrodollar, but now people are
taking oil in all different varieties of
payment. And that essentially
weakens the dollar's grip on the price
of oil, but WTI
is what we are going to focus on. Who
cares about that other macro stuff?
Let's
let's orient ourselves. Where's the
value area? Low,
$99.50.
High,
value area high, $105.
Okay? So,
here we are up at 10710.
I don't know if you guys heard D
yesterday. She really called this flow
absolutely beautifully. Um when we were
on
um
the show together.
Really good looking trade. My goodness,
that girl is just she's absolutely
fantastic. So, what are we looking at
now?
We have
the opening range
being battled. We just
tried to battle over that opening
candlestick formation and failed. That's
105. That's going to give us a fair
resistance zone to break. Above it,
we're back at 107 to 109.
Okay? Below it, we're looking at
to the put wall No, this is the call
wall, which is 100.
Where is that put wall?
Oh my goodness, put wall.
What? Wow. Okay. So,
that's where we're sitting. We are
sitting in sideways formation. Let's
orient ourselves. Where's the pivot? Are
we above it or below it? Well, currently
we're above it, but we've been dancing
around it the entire time. Anchored VWAP
from yesterday 102 and some change.
Support level one at 101
is where they are dancing around. That's
a good space for long.
Above it,
uh it should be bullish. So, that that
ought to be the go no go line somewhere
around 101.
The goal, of course, of the
administration is to get it lower, but
trend is clearly upward. So, dips are
going to be buys. Right now, we're in a
very sideways pattern, very very
sideways, and the trend is a little bit
lower because the opening formation and
the last 30 minutes of the trading day
are above us in terms of price. Right
now, this is the closing candle, the
2:00 p.m. candle for Eastern
uh Standard Time, Eastern Daylight Time,
excuse me. And now,
we are coming in to test that close at
10338. If we can't hold it, we'll head
down into
the low of that 3:30 candlestick. And
that's going to give us 10231. If we
lose that zone, we probably have got
ourselves some downside pressure into
yesterday's pivot flow, which is right
around 98.
Let's take a look at gold.
Gold contract rolling over uh into a new
month, not rolling over in terms of
price.
Lifting pretty nicely. Right? Look at
the pivot flows.
So, price action is moving up. Let's
take a peek at location.
Where is
the pivot? Well, it's below us, so it's
support. That means dips are buys in
general. Where's the 200? Also below us,
providing support. Where's the 50? It's
below us, providing support.
Where's the VWAP? Sideways.
That's something for us to watch. Where
is the call wall?
Also sitting right up here at 45
4600 something like that. That's round
and about where that wall is.
Higher lows, higher highs, pullbacks are
buy zones. The anchored VWAP would be a
great place to get the price to come in
and give us a go. That's 4530.
I I like that one. Okay? I I do. I like
that one. Upper edges
a solid gamma line at 4600
60, excuse me. All right.
Below us, well, we're in positive gamma,
so that flip line is 4478. Look at where
value area is.
Very far below us.
4390,
volume area high 4460.
We're breaking back out of that great
big sideways zone that we've been in for
about a week.
Now, if we stared at that way, we can
see that the stretch is outbound could
easily bring us back in to another
higher low before we break out. Okay?
Remember,
uh these metals have a tendency to break
and then come right back in. It's the
higher low that you want to take if
you're going long
and trending these price actions to the
north.
Woah, that is noisy. Take a look at spy.
Here we go.
Spy formations, upside
well above the pivot
very big gap
into yesterday's pivot. Today's pivot is
down here at 633.
That's giving us a big bounce. I think a
lot of people are trying to get in front
of what they think are flows coming in
for these advisors.
Um
you know, sometimes front running a move
works and sometimes it doesn't.
So, there you have it. I would just be
concerned about just having jagged moves
that don't retrace, and I do believe
we're about to have four or five days of
this very jagged sideways motion,
bouncing up, giving it all back. And you
know, that's what we've been doing
premarket for a fair bit of time. And
so, if the if the flows shift,
you know that where we're headed is the
200 simple moving average on the 30. And
that could be a pretty solid ride to the
north if it comes. All right?
Pretty nice price action.
First target upward is 641, and then
look at where the value area is, 649,
right around that 200 simple moving
average, and then 660.
Easily, that's where we go if
we see buying formations come to the
fore. All right? That's it for me.
Be careful, everybody. I'll see you on
the streams.